Announce Jenkins 2024 voter registration (#7549)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/blog/2024/09/25/2024-09-25-board-officer-election-announcement.adoc

---
:layout: post
:title: "Voter Registration for Jenkins Board and Officer Elections 2024"
:tags:
- community
- governance
- governance-board
- elections
authors:
- markewaite
- basil
description: >
  Voter registration is open for Jenkins Board and Officer elections.
links:
  discourse: true
opengraph:
  image: /images/governance/elections/2024/2024-registrations-opengraph.svg
---

**Voter registration has started for the 2024 Jenkins Governance Board and Officer elections!**

== Voter registration

Nominations for the 2024 Jenkins Governance Board and Officer elections have finished.

> Voter registration opened September 16, 2024 and will continue through October 31, 2024.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Voter registration opened September 16, 2024 and closes on October 31, 2024.
```
Simpler, and like the other formulations below.

We reserve the right to ban any account from the election process if we identify abuse.
Once registration is over, a list of email addresses will be sent to the link:https://civs1.civs.us/[Condorcet Internet Voting Service (CIVS)].

== Nominees

We will be electing three members of the Jenkins Governance Board from among six candidates.
The six candidates for the Jenkins Governance Board are:

* Alex Earl - link:https://contributors.jenkins.io/pages/contributors/alex-earl/[contributor spotlight] and link:/blog/authors/slide_o_mix/[author biography]
* Alexander Brandes - link:https://contributors.jenkins.io/pages/contributors/alexander-brandes/[contributor spotlight] and link:/blog/authors/notmyfault/[author biography]
* Kris Stern - link:https://contributors.jenkins.io/pages/contributors/kris-stern/[contributor spotlight] and link:/blog/authors/krisstern/[author biography]
* Oleg Nenashev - link:/blog/authors/oleg_nenashev/[author biography]
* Stefan Spieker - link:https://contributors.jenkins.io/pages/contributors/stefan-spieker/[contributor spotlight]
* Valentin Delaye - link:https://contributors.jenkins.io/pages/contributors/valentin-delaye/[contributor spotlight]

> We will be electing the Jenkins Release Officer from among two candidates.
> The two candidates for Jenkins Release Officer are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will be electing the Jenkins Release Officer from among two candidates:
```
No value added in the second phrase.

> * Alex Earl - link:https://contributors.jenkins.io/pages/contributors/alex-earl/[contributor spotlight] and link:/blog/authors/slide_o_mix/[author biography]

Reviewer: Quick note completely unrelated to this PR: having the contributor spotlight added to the author page on jenkins.io would be nice!

Reviewer: It would also avoid giving two links per person if there is a contributor spotlight.

* Alyssa Tong - Jenkins Events Officer - link:https://contributors.jenkins.io/pages/contributors/alyssa-tong/[contributor spotlight] and link:/blog/authors/alyssat/[author biography]
* Kevin Martens - Jenkins Documentation Officer - link:https://contributors.jenkins.io/pages/contributors/kevin-martens/[contributor spotlight] and link:/blog/authors/kmartens27/[author biography]

=== Contributing

As shown on the link:/participate/[Participate and Contribute] page, there are many different ways to contribute to Jenkins. You can contribute by:

* link:/participate/connect/[Connecting with the community]
* link:/participate/meet/[Joining or organizing a meetup]
* link:/participate/code/[Contributing code to Jenkins]
* link:/participate/help/[Helping Jenkins users]
* link:/doc/developer/internationalization/[Translating Jenkins resources]
* link:/participate/test/[Testing Jenkins core and plugins]
* link:/participate/document/[Contributing to Jenkins documentation]
* link:/participate/design/[Creating art or updating the Jenkins UI]
* link:/participate/review-changes/[Reviewing open pull requests]

> * link:/donate/[Donating to Jenkins]

Reviewer: Optional suggestion: remove `You can contribute by:` and change all the verbs to be in active form (ex: "Connect with the community")

Author: Thanks!  Done in 8a5228c1599f08efa2e2a6b5884087fd6e28b066

> All contributions to Jenkins and its community are welcome

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All contributions to Jenkins and its community are welcome.
```
Small punctuation fix

== Election

Voter registration closes on October 31.
Voting begins November 1.
Registered voters will be notified by email to participate using the link:https://civs1.civs.us/[Condorcet Internet Voting System].
All votes must be submitted by end of day November 30.

== Results

Election results will be published December 1.
The new term starts on December 1, when the newly elected members will transition to their roles.

== Important Dates

[cols="1,1"]
|===
|Important Dates |Time

|Nomination of candidates open
|August 1

|Nomination of candidates closes
|September 15

|Voter registration opens and candidates announced
|September 16

|Voter registration closes
|October 31

|Voting starts
|November 1

|Voting closes
|November 30

|Results announced
|December 1
|===

== Troubleshooting

If you are new to Jenkins elections, unfamiliar with the Condorcet Internet Voting Service (CIVS) or the community forums, or feel overwhelmed with the process, don't worry, we've got you covered.

> We published a link:/project/election-walkthrough/[step-by-step guide], outlining how to to join the link:https://community.jenkins.io/g/election-voter-2024[election-voter-2024], activate your CIVS account and cast your vote.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We published a link:/project/election-walkthrough/[step-by-step guide], outlining how to to join the link:https://community.jenkins.io/g/election-voter-2024[election-voter-2024] group, activate your CIVS account and cast your vote.
```
small addition of "group" for grammar
